Wondering if this would be helpful as a base for a how-to.  Experienced Qubes users, may find this routine, but for a novice Qubes and Fedora user, I found this process not to be self evident.  Received an update message, that fedora-32 was available to replace my fedora-30.  Information found in websearches was either out of date or not workable, I found, as to how to successfully update.  Fedora-30 is apparently no longer receiving updates.  Much trial and error to determine exactly how to upgrade (update).  The Qubes-OS webpage, https://www.qubes-os.org/news/2020/06/30/fedora-32-templates-available/  lists the command needed to update and further info.  However for a newbie entering the commands in a Terminal and picking any Terminal from the Domain and Template VMs will not work (I tried them all.)  The only Terminal, which will be useable in my experience, was the *Xfce Terminal* accessed via the blue Applications button at top left of screen and then opening the *System Tools* submenu (*Xfce Terminal* located near bottom of list.)  
Then in this Terminal the ```
sudo qubes-dom0-update qubes-template-fedora-32
```  command from the above Qubes-OS page will work.  After the new *Template fedora-32* has been created, it can be brought up to date with any new updates as follows:  Click the blue *Qubes Domains* button in the screen's top menu bar at right and then select *Open Qube Manager*.  Highlight the *fedora-32  Template VM* line and then click on the blue down arrow in the top menu to start the update process.  Will be prompted that the VM will need to be opened to update.  
After the template has been updated, any fedora-30 VMs can be changed to fedora-32 VMs.  To do so, click on a VM in the *Applications* menu and then in the sub-menu select *Qube Settings*.  In the Basic-Settings-Template box, change fedora-30 to fedora-32.  All done for this VM.  Repeat the process for the remaining fedora-30 VMs.  If this method is of use, please feel free to modify as wished for clarity and correctness.